Clarify current region issues for Branching (#19504)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/platform/branching.mdx

</Admonition>

<Admonition type="caution" label="Region issues">

> There is a known issue with the reliability of Preview Branches being deployed correctly for projects based in Sout East Asia (Singapore) and Central EU (Frankfurt) regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there is a known issue with the reliability of Preview Branches being deployed in South East Asia (Singapore) and Central EU (Frankfurt) regions.

We are working on the stability fixes with the upstream provider.
```
